Why do you want to join the technology team at the FT?
I am interested in this opportunity to join the Foxtons team as I feel I have the necessary skills and passion to successfully fulfill this role and begin a career within FT.
I have always been passionate about working with technology and currently as a Web Developer I have a strong foundation to start this role and  grow into a role as a Senior developer.
As a technical minded individual I am driven by learning, over-coming challenges and building sites and programmes which have an impact on users. Thus, I feel that this opportunity will give me a chance to demonstrate my current skills whilst working alongside specialists become a Software Engineer.  
Specifically, I would like to join FT because they value diversity and talent in people from all walks of life which I feel applies to me, as I independently learned how to code and develop websites as a hobby
before going on to completing and becoming a fully certified Web Developer. 


What skills and experiences do you have that could help you if you were to secure a position on the scheme?
I feel my experience as a Web Developer provides me with a good foundation for this role as I have a thorough understanding of coding, testing , trouble-shooting and overall how to build a website from scratch. As a technical minded individual I am driven by learning, over-coming challenges and building sites and programmes which have an impact on users. Thus, I feel that this opportunity will give me a chance to demonstrate my current skills whilst working alongside specialists become a Software Engineer.
I have experience of working with others on projects and trouble-shooting websites. Due to the many challenges that you can experience whilst building a website I feel its important to be proactive, creative and motivated especially, when writing and testing code in order to develop the website as you want it and these are the qualities that I hold.

What achievement are you most proud of?
I am most proud of completing my course in Web Development, which has enabled me to work as a Freelance Developer. I am most proud of this because this gave me the opportunity to learn more in a proactive and hands on role. Additionally, I was able to utilise the knowledge I gained from the course but more importantly I was able to challenge myself and independently learn more advanced programming languages. This has given me more confidence as a Web Developer as I always strive to stay ahead with new technology and improve my current skill set.


Of the latest innovations in technology, what excites and interests you?
I am excited by the growth in artificial intelligence (AI) and this excites me because there is so much more to come.  AI has a daily impact on everyones lives whether it be via Siri, Google Now or Uber and this is merely the beginning. I am fascinated by the developments in AI and the improvements it can make especially within the healthcare industry. AI is growing everyday with new technology being developed, new ways to improve life, simplify tasks, and spot illnesses. I am passionate about this subject as I feel it is the future and I am hoping to be a part of building a growing technology world. 



